# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?

HOwdy,

So this week I admittedly felt pretty nervous about the checkpoint as we approached the end of the week. I was pretty uncertain when to use classes in conjunction with API's, particularly multiple API's, but frankly thanks to a major struggle Wednesday and subsequent help from Joshua I feel the matter is cleared up tremendously. I'd consider that a victory.
Nothing shocked me this week, or really even surprised me, except when on Wednesday I beat my head against the wall for logging a res that I shouldn't have seen. I guess I learned that not all servers are transparent about what happens behind the scenes.
The checkpoint was easier than I expected it to be. It's disappointing that I didn't get more time to style it, add themes and the like, but I am happy about the amount I learned about API's in general, and frankly I feel my code is pretty dang clean and well-formatted. I even refactored the uglier parts. It was a good week, but I'm definitely looking forward to doing my own server after dealing with all these weird ones.