# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?

In general I felt it didn't take me very long to grasp the essence of this material, particularly since last week I had put in extra time to make sure I understood, and this week's content was not terribly different.

Most of my challenges this week were social. The Hackathon was probably one of the most valuable group projects experiences I've ever had; having a group that wanted very much to succeed but overall lacked the confidence in their abilities to do so was unlike any group I've been in before. It was particularly awkward because even though it came to light that I might have had the best idea of what approach to take, I was not the Product Owner/Project Manager. I had decided early on in the process to allow Austin this opportunity for leadership, as it seemed to be important to him. However, conditions did not seem ideal for him and he generally avoided giving directions. In the end, I'm glad I didn't take any overt control over the process, because frankly I think everyone's first priority was to learn and treat it as a study opportunity. On the other hand, it was something of a disappointment that some of my peers were unwilling to dive in and get their hands dirty, perhaps ruining the project but perhaps succeeding. 

I suppose it's a victory that I have a better relative understanding of this material than I thought. I wonder honestly whether my classmates really did feel apprehension about the work or if they just felt overwhelmed by the sheer volume of what we had to do.