# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?

Well, admittedly the biggest shock was finding out I didn't pass Moody Kittens. It definitely makes me want to nail down JS. Looking back, it's kind of crazy how much I have learned since then, and how little I actually remember from doing the Moody Kittens. I definitely feel really comfortable with things like styling, and I'm pretty satisfied with the design elements I've learned so far from the supplementary materials. Even though my Checkpoint is not as of yet quite as polished as I would like, it's kind of amazing that a week ago I didn't know how to make one at all.

I would say I'm still having a bit of trouble with flex-box. There are times when some of the bs5 classes feel arbitrary; sometimes they work as expected, sometimes they don't. I would say the Checkpoint has been more helpful than any prior assignment in helping me figure out all the minute little puzzles for why flex works in some instances and not others. The single biggest revelation was learning that CSS does not in fact cascade all the way down, that a property stops after its children. This actually has made things make a lot more sense. I intend to read the bs5 documentation on flex in particular to dial in my understanding.

As for a victory... it's probably more on a personal level? I'm feeling pretty happy that my determination to keep abreast of the course has not waned and in fact that I am pretty comfortable using my free time to learn outside the course. In terms of in-class successes, I would say I am pretty happy that I've kept up well with material that has little to do with the programming with which I'm more experienced.

All in all, I expect to have a bit of trouble with JS, but I'm also looking forward to refining my design abilities.