# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?


Honestly, I did better with JavaScript than I anticipated. Once I learned that the main differences between JavaScript and Python were syntactical, and that JavaScript has many already defined tools for common functions, what I knew about logic and structure became more applicable. I'm pretty happy to say that I feel I've learned more about JS than I expected to in such a short time, and I'm happy that my HTML styling has kept up as well.

A 'shock' I suppose came in the beginning of the week when I found that my Bootstrap understanding was not as sound as I had thought. On this note, I think the nuances of styling still somewhat escape me, though I surprised myself later in the week by being more easily able to create the formatting I intended. I think initially I was overthinking things.

A victory would probably be both Wednesday's ice cream shop assignment and thursday's boss fight. Within a day I had worked through most of the challenges that I attempted, some of which were stretch goals, and I was pretty pleased with the functions that I was able to create. I think I am learning a lot about how JS data structures should be utilized and how those interact with HTML.