# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?

Ultimately, the entire project can be said to have gone well. In a classroom context, where there are no soft or hard hierarchies between peers, it's not a surprise that a group of strong-minded and opinionated people are going to disagree about planning. Most of our difficulties occurred during this phase, where a lot of back and forth are inevitable before working our a plan. After we got through this, however, it was basically smooth sailing.

For me, the victory is the success I feel I achieved after falling into a leadership role. Remembering the importance of being both an organizer and an equal member of the team was something like a prerequisite; it wasn't really until I understood this that the Scrum Master role took on real meaning. It was a nice opportunity for me: I did what I almost invariably do for myself, planning minute details, staying on top of the next set of priorities, and pushing the limits. I tried to push myself and set the bar higher to get the drive I wanted from the team.

In the end, I wouldn't call any part of it a disappointment, even if deployment didn't go exactly as we had hoped. By the time career week arrives we will have polished our program into a great app.